This is a new paradigm for interacting


with Claude that is significantly more


in line with all the other human


activity orwide. Once you do all of the


under the hood engineering work to make


this just work, Claude basically joins


the team in a seamless way. You can talk


to it as you would talk to another


person and it can help with a very large


variety of workloads. In my opinion,


this is the third major redesign of LLM


UI and UX. The first paradigm was that


the LM is a website you go to. The


second was that it's an app you download


to your computer. The third one is that


it is a self-contained persistent


asynchronous entity with orgwide tools


and context working alongside teams of


humans. It really takes a while to wrap


your head around it, but it works and it


is awesome. Sounds like Karpathy's


cooking something important here, right?


If I told you that the guy who helped


pioneer LLMs as we know them today, one


of the greatest researchers of our


lifetime, one of the most important


people in the entire AI world is talking


about a slackbot here, you'd probably


think I'm insane or you'd think he's


insane or you might think that he's


drank the Kool-Aid at anthropic far too


quickly as a recent hire and is just


glazing a random at claude feature


inside of Slack. And if you thought


those things, I would understand


entirely. But I have to do two of my


least favorite things here. Actually, I


have to do three of my least favorite


things here. I have to defend anthropic.


I have to make a video about it. But


most importantly, I have to talk about


Slack. And I don't want to talk about


Slack. Believe me. As cringe as this


post may be, and it is, there are


important things here that we can all


learn from as an industry. And I think


it's actually pretty cool. All that


said, Claude Tag is only available on


team and enterprise plans. So, if I'm


ever going to be able to afford this,


paying full token rates instead of my


subsidized subscription pricing, we're


going to need to have a lot more money.


And I'm going to cover a little bit of


that real quick with today's sponsor.


There's a bunch of things our tools do


that we've just gotten used to because


it's how it always worked. One of those


things has always pissed me off. It's


code review. Not the concept of code


review. Believe it or not, I think we


should be reading more of our code in


general, even if agents are writing it.


But the actual way that we do code


review, it's terrible. Can someone


please explain to me who thought it was


a good idea to sort a giant code review


like this with 11,000 lines changed in


alphabetical order? It's nonsense.


Wouldn't it be much nicer if your PRs


were broken up into logical layers that


actually explained what each did and the


files were actually sorted in a way that


made sense based on the changes


themselves? Oh, it's on the screen,


isn't it? Yeah, Code Rabbit did it. They


already know how to review your code


really well. Believe me, I've had Code


Rabbit review a lot of my code. This is


probably the single company that's


prevented the most production outages on


my services of any single company in


existence. Their stuff got so good that


I found myself reviewing code less


because actually reading in GitHub was


so painful. And now they've solved that,


too, by taking all of the knowledge they


get from reviewing your code and using


it to structure that same diff in a way


that's actually readable. You can hover


over any of these sections and see what


they actually are. This isn't different


commits. I want to be clear about that.


This is the whole poll request broken


down into layers so you can actually


read them and understand what's going


on. And there's even little indicators


saying which ones they left comments on.


There's a great mini map on the side


here so you can see which sections had


comments and other things of note in it.


It's sorted in a way that actually makes


sense. Each section has a summary


describing what it did which makes it so


much easier to understand what's going


on. And yeah, this is just really good.


It's time to start reading code again.


Get started at sidyv.link/codabrabbit.


So, what is this new Slack bot that


Anthropic has put out and why is


Karpathy so hyped on it? It's called


Claude Tag. And the things that make it


special are pretty damn cool if I'm


being real. Claude Tag is a new way for


teams to work with Claude. We're


starting with Slack, which Claude can


join as a team member. Grant Claude


access to selected channels and


connected to whichever tools, data, and


even code bases you choose. Then anyone


in the channel can tag Claude in and


delegate tasks to it while they focus on


other work. Claude builds context by


remembering relevant information from


the channels it's in and can plan out


tasks to complete in the future. There's


a couple pieces here that are really


important and know just that they're


starting on Slack. As a Slack hater, I


am excited for this to come to other


things. The interesting pieces here are


the way for teams to work piece and the


channels it's in piece. These two parts


are what make Claude tag so much more


interesting than people seem to think.


This isn't just another way to tag an


agent inside of your Slack. This is a


different way of thinking about context


management and tool access for real


teams. And I'm speaking a little bit


from experience here because my team has


been playing with a lot of stuff like


this for our Discord management of all


of the different things we do. Whether


it's the content on my channel, the


sponsor deals that we're working with,


the podcast and b building topics and


planning things out for that or the


other creators that we're starting to


help with their brand management stuff


too. We have been trying to build


bespoke Hermes agents and openclaw style


agents that can answer the right


questions with the right context in the


right places and it's actually kind of


annoying to get right. We're at the


point now where we end up creating


different isolates like actual


containers that have all the things a


given Hermes agent needs and then


connect it to just one Slack channel.


But each of those agents is its own


deployment that has its own everything


that we built for it. Claude Tag is


stumbling upon the same value prop here


without all of that additional


customization in a way that I actually


think is really cool. What's even


crazier is how much adoption there has


been at Anthropic for this. According to


them, tagging Claude is now one of the


main ways we get things done at


Anthropic. Today, 65% of our product


team's code is created by our internal


version of Claude tag. Very interesting.


So, how is this better than just using


Claude code? I'll let them explain and


then I'll give my thoughts on top after.


At Claude is multiplayer. Within a given


Slack channel, there's one Claude that


interacts with everyone. This means that


anyone can see what it's working on and


can pick up the conversation from where


the last person left off. This makes


tagging Claude very different from


working with a single chat or for a


single task. It's much more like


interacting collaboratively with a


teammate. This actually is quite fun and


it's amazing to me there are so few


experiences like this already. We've


kind of simulated this with things like


PR review bots that can make changes


where one person can at bugbot or at


greile atcodeex atcloudcode at code


rabbit or whatever and say hey can you


make this change and they can propose


changes and actually merge things into a


PR. There are not that many experiences


that allow that type of multiplayer that


actually make sense for a fastmoving


team in an environment that isn't


[ __ ] GitHub. If your multiplayer


story is GitHub then you don't have a


multiplayer story. you have a bunch of


really slow load times in a website that


crashes all the time. The idea of being


able to talk with my team and Claude at


the same time is actually really nice


and I've started to feel this myself


again with the cool agents that we've


been spinning up for my team for the


stuff that we're doing. This is


something I actually really like about


it. I'm excited to see how other systems


and services start to develop these


patterns in their own unique ways. The


more important pieces are below though,


specifically that Claude learns over


time, not for the whole company, but for


the specific channel. As Claude follows


along with its channel, it builds more


context around the work. This means that


users don't need to explain things to it


from scratch over and over, and Claude


can eventually automatically learn from


other Slack channels and data sources if


it's given the right permissions. It


does not report from private channels,


though. This gives it the tacet


knowledge necessary for it to provide


the best possible work. This part's


really undersold in my opinion.


Different teams and different channels


need different context. This is a


problem I've experienced myself and it's


one of the things that's been nice about


spinning up different agents on


different computers that I'm running for


different tasks. You can give different


agents different context, but once you


have cloud code on your machine, your


options are global or project specific.


That's a tough split even just for my


code work. Sometimes I want to bring in


these four skills in these two


connectors. Sometimes I want to bring in


none of that. Sometimes I want to bring


in everything I have. Sometimes I want


to add another 2,000 to 5,000 tokens of


context to my agent MD for specific


types of work. There is no good


abstraction here. There is no cleancut


way to split between people, projects,


teams, orgs, code bases, and tasks where


you can manage the tools and the context


properly for a given agent for a given


run. We have yet to even come close to


figuring out what the right places to


split and draw these boundaries are, but


channels are a hell of a lot closer than


any of the things I have seen so far. At


the very least, they map more naturally


to the way we think and the way we


structure our teams. If Claude's memory


is for a given channel, it doesn't


matter what code bases the company works


on or how the monorreo is split up or


how the various different sub mini repos


or whatever structure they have,


microservices, whatever, it doesn't


matter because the channel is where the


context lives. So if one team works one


way and a different team works a


different way and they have different


channels in Slack, they can work with


Claude in those channels and it could


feel entirely different. It would be


possible for any two teams to have an


entirely different experience here


because the knowledge Claude has is


various and very different in those two


channels. There are other parts here


that I'm a little less excited about,


but I could see being useful, like the


initiative piece here. If ambient


behavior is enabled, I love that it's so


stupid they even put it in quotes


themselves. But if it's on, Claude will


proactively keep you updated about


whatever it thinks you might need to


know. It'll flag relevant information


from across the channels it's in and the


tools it's connected to and follow up on


threads or tasks that have gone quiet


without being resolved. This could


actually be useful considering how


chaotic Slack is just like in general.


Claude is the member that'll keep you up


to date on what's going on. That I could


actually see. It also can work


asynchronously. You can send Claude a


task and focus on other priorities while


it's working. It can also schedule tasks


for itself, pursuing a project


autonomously over hours or even days. We


found this particularly helpful at


Anthropic. We now spend much more of our


time delegating tasks to many quads in


parallel. You also can send it direct


messages, too, which is pretty cool, but


not my favorite workflow. I'm going to


talk about this in a weird way. I'm


going to do a much more in-depth video


on this in the future. Let me know what


questions you have about my setup so I


can get it right. This is my Hermes


agent. My Hermes agent runs in a Discord


server dedicated just to it. I'm also


trying to port it to Rust for fun. We'll


talk about that another time as well. My


Hermes agent is in Discord for a handful


of reasons and not because Discord is my


favorite app. Actually, I would like to


do less in Discord. As you see with my


history here, it is untenable at this


point. But I'm using Discord because I


like Discord threads so much. So, so


much. I came around cuz I was not a big


Discord thread fan initially, but I've


grown to love them. Especially the


ability to reply to one message in


Discord, but also have a thread and the


It's good. It's good for this in


particular because when I set up


OpenClaw, I didn't actually like it that


much. I tried really hard and it was


useful for a handful of things, but what


I ended up doing with my OpenClaw was


just set it up as a bot that could


archive YouTube links and SoundCloud


links when I sent it to them and put


them on my NAS for me. And that's all I


really did with it because whenever I


try to do something else, the context


would get weird and broken because it


was just one thread. And that was my


biggest issue by far with things like


OpenClaw is the default setup would have


you get one thread whether it's


iMessage, WhatsApp, Telegram, whatever.


You only had one running thread and that


was the context being managed which


meant that it would prune that context


all the time. It would just not get


things right. And if I wanted to be


doing multiple different things at the


same time, I would kind of have to


massage the context myself. Like I have


to start with remember how we did this


two days ago. I want to do something


similar for this instead because the


context is everything I was doing in


that thread. I had to help it pick and


choose the right parts and what things


to do and use. And when I added a


capability to it, that capability was


available for any task I asked about,


even if the tasks or the things I wanted


to do were unrelated. And I had a


problem pretty often where I'd have like


a scheduled task and I was in the middle


of something else. So, I'd ask it like,


"Hey, can you check my email for this


thing?" It would check. I'm like, "Okay,


does this email mention anything about


that?" And it would just so happen to be


11:00 a.m. when I had a schedule task


run. The schedule task would show up in


the same thread and just break the


context entirely. I personally found


this like entirely unusable, and I ended


up relegating my OpenClaw to like one


task. Apparently, OpenClaw now also


supports Discord threads, which is huge


cuz I don't think any other methodology


makes sense here for this. I love having


threads for my tasks instead. Here's an


example of one I set up that I'm going


to start taking more advantage of soon.


This is a job that every day at 11:00


a.m. goes through the programmer humor


subreddit, finds the five top posts that


it thinks would be at all relevant to me


and my audience, and then generates a


page I can go to to see these top posts.


And it's also the actual images, so I


can quickly rightclick, copy image, and


then go post them on Twitter if I want


to. But this is a page that gets


generated at 11:00 a.m. every day that


gives me free memes to go post on


Twitter if I decide to that lives in its


own thread entirely separately from


everything else I'm doing with it. And


that's so nice. Where I want to go and


where my team's already been going is


the idea of breaking up different


channels with different agents that have


different capabilities. And that


requires me to spin up a whole new


Hermes agent with a whole new backing


with all of those different pieces. But


this is what it seems like Claude is


getting right with Claude tag. The idea


that it can create this itself. And


that's also kind of what's happening


with Hermes agent here. I didn't go into


a terminal and set up a cron. I just


told it I want it to do this thing with


that 11 a.m. cron. I literally started


by just saying let's scroll the top of


it. Every day at 11 a.m. I want you to


go through the programmer humor


subreddit and find the top posts that


would be worth me stealing and putting


on Twitter. I tell it to do a test run


and it did. Eventually, I got annoyed


about all of the spam in the context in


the thread and I just wanted a nice page


I could open on my phone and save images


from. So, I asked it, can you update


this job to make the content HTML page


using my HTML plan skill? The images


should be embedded as image tags so I


can easily save them on my phone. And


then it made the change. And now I have


these HTML pages. I can click that have


the images that I can easily rightclick,


copy, and go paste wherever I want to.


And this all exists without polluting


any of the other stuff I am doing. And


it's so nice. And the harsh reality is


that I don't think most people will


understand how to create a system like


this and set it up themselves and


especially not going as far as realizing


they need different Hermes


configurations or different open clock


configurations for different channels


they have for different purposes. like


the one I have set up to manage my


sponsor deals is very different from the


one I have set up to help me plan what


content I want to put out or to update


my code bases for me or to go change


what's going on on my codecs on the same


machine. That's actually one of the


things that's been really nice with this


is that my Hermes agent is on a computer


that I also code on. So I can tell it to


go make changes to my T3 code setup or


to my codec setup. And it's actually


been really nice having a Hermes as my


like general do random [ __ ] solution and


then isolating codeex and T3 code to


just be for code. But all of those


boundaries and all of that config and


separation has been my problem. And once


you do it, you kind of get to see into


the future. And that's why I'm excited


by what Anthropic did here with claude


tag. They are making it much easier to


get most of the things that are cool


that I did there without having to set


it up and configure it and think in that


separation yourself. The right


primitives shouldn't require you to


think about what available tools exist,


what the context is, how the boundaries


are set up. It should work the same way


we work ideally. And in building this as


a channel level primitive is actually


really clever and I think will be the


new norm going forward as these patterns


become more popular. There is a problem


though and it's not the tag part of


claude tag, it's the clawed part. I


don't want this to be just one model.


One of the really cool things with


Hermes agent is that I can switch the


model whenever I want. I played around


with GLM52 with it and it did a pretty


dang good job. I switched over to GPT55


and it did a really good job with that.


I switched over to Claude models and had


to pay cash for it because they won't


let me do it through something like, I


don't know, my $200 a month sub that was


sitting doing nothing. So, I moved over


to doing that with direct paid usage


inference. I even use it with Fable for


a bit. It was really cool. But when I


saw the bill and I wanted to go back to


using my subsidized inference, I


switched back over to the OpenAI models.


It's really nice to have setups like


this that I can make suddenly feel more


powerful by just switching the model. It


was pretty crazy going from 54 to 55 and


the model suddenly was able to do more


and the same exact agent I had set up


prior was way more capable than it was


before. It was way faster and more


accurate and got better task completion


and it was just better and you could


feel the difference. I don't think you


should have to rely on one lab for that.


And I don't like the fact that right now


it feels like your options are allin


customization where you're setting up


the Hermes agent in the Python


environment yourself. Every channel


needs its own [ __ ] Docker image in


order to have it be isolated properly


and you're building up all of the skills


and context and everything yourself and


you can switch models or claude tag


where a lot of that works properly by


default but you have no control beyond


what you can ask it to do and you can't


really ask cla tag to go use a different


model. Something I've been doing a ton


recently is telling my agents to go use


other agents. When I'm using codecs with


GPT55, I know its API definitions aren't


great and I know its UI stuff isn't


either. So, I have taught my codeex,


hey, when you're doing API like design


and you're making an SDK that other


things will consume or if you're


building UI, call claude-p


prompt and let Claude do that work or


ask Claude to come in and give second


opinions. You're not doing that with


Claude Tag. So, while I am hyped that


they are taking the cool UX that I've


been experiencing with other things and


making it much easier to access for real


teams, I don't love this being an


anthropic specific thing. And I'm very


excited for other companies to build


clones of this so that you don't get


reliant on just one lab and the way they


want to do things in the models they


produce because you can get way better


answers way more efficiently at much


faster speeds if you take advantage of


other labs and other models. I'll end on


this framing from Karpathy which was a


reply to somebody defending him saying


that he shouldn't be getting clowned on


for this. I think a number of people on


the timeline didn't read past the title


and made inferences and comparisons that


are just wrong and then used it as an


opportunity to take cheap shots. This


isn't a feature like some crappy


Slackbot and it's certainly not a claw


though it has some aspects of it. It's


an org level harness. The difference


will become clearer over time. I am


really excited to talk more about this


idea especially as we refine the org


level agentic work that we are doing as


a team not just on like T3 chat and T3


code but also for all of the management


for all the other crazy stuff that my


companies work on. I run three companies


at this point so I'm seeing how this


plays out in various different


environments and anthropic is going in


the right direction here. I can say that


with 100% confidence. So Carpathy, I'm


sorry you got clowned on so hard. kind


of expected with the move to Anthropic


right in the swing of them being as


[ __ ] as ever. But this feature is


actually cool. Shout out to the team


building it. Shout out to Lydia for the


awesome launch video as well. I see


where it's going. You are right. The


future is roughly in this general


direction. And to people who don't want


to go pay exorbitant prices for a claw


enterprise plan so they can test it out


themselves, go put some time setting up


OpenClaw or Hermes agent in your own


Discord or Slack and you'll see a lot of


the value that we're seeing here. Can't


believe I just made a video defending


both Anthropic and Slack, but here we


are. Let me know if you think this is


cool and how you're talking to agents


with your teams. And until next time,


peace nerds.